feat(nonfungible): basic example contract (#550)
r0gue-io/pop-node: pop-api/examples/nonfungibles/README.md

> # Nonfungibles Contract Example

Reviewer: Could use something like https://docs.rs/cargo-readme/latest/cargo_readme/ in CI in the future.

This smart contract demonstrates how to manage NFTs using the [
`pop_api::nonfungibles`](../../src/v0/nonfungibles) interface with [ink!](https://use.ink).

## Documentation

> To view the documentation, run the following command in the root directory of the contract:

Reviewer: Goal here is to have the docs as close to the code as possible, with the better experience of intradoc links, so that devs have everything they need when looking at lib.rs with context. We can always generate this readme from the rust docs using `cargo readme` within CI if need be. Keeping a readme and rustdocs in sync is painful.

One source, the code.

Reviewer 2: I agree, this is a great step forward to minimising docs maintenance and improving the quality and professionalism

>  rust docs using cargo readme within CI if need be

Yes this would be nice but not a priority now.

Reviewer 2: I think we should remove this part for now as it requires to build the example. As a developer just wants to view the docs and has to wait for this (takes long), then I would consider that bad developer experience. Lets just remove this section, devs will go to the lib.rs anyway where they will find anything that they need.

Reviewer 2: > This at least gives them extra knowledge on how they can use rust docs

That is not the purpose of this example. We want to show them how to use the pop api for non fungibles, only that, and as best as possible as we can (i.e. keeping it as simple and most user friendly, no blockers / slow processes, as possible).

But this is not blocking anything, I definitely agree with everything regarding the rust docs and I'm excited to shift to that direction.

Reviewer 2: I know, that is why I said it is not blocking and you can do with it whatever you want :)

Reviewer 2: But thank you a lot for finishing this up, it is very important and I really appreciate you took the time to get this over the finish line

# Nonfungibles Contract Example

This smart contract demonstrates how to manage NFTs using the [`pop_api::nonfungibles`](https://docs.rs/pop-api/latest/pop_api/nonfungibles/) interface with [ink!](https://use.ink).

## Development

### Prerequisite

> Below guides use a tool called [pop-cli](https://github.com/r0gue-io/pop-cli). You can install Pop CLI from crates.io:
> 
> ```bash
> cargo install --force --locked pop-cli
> ```
> 
> > ℹ️ Pop CLI requires Rust 1.81 or later.
> 
> [Learn more about Pop CLI here](https://github.com/r0gue-io/pop-cli).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Pop CLI](https://github.com/r0gue-io/pop-cli) installed.
```

How to install and stating Rust requirements should not be noted here. All to minimise maintenance across multiple repos, readmes etc.

Reviewer: +1

Reviewer: I split this content out into a generalised readme under examples/readme.md and made a few tweaks. I feel this is fine for now.

### Launching a local Pop Network

> The contract only works with Pop Network runtimes, to run `pop-node` on local, you can use the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The contract only works with Pop Network runtimes, to run `pop-node` locally, you can use the following command:
```

> 📚 See the full guide to launching a chain locally [here](https://learn.onpop.io/appchains/guides/launch-a-chain/running-your-parachain).

> 

Reviewer 2: I think we should remove this just to keep the example as simple as possible. The link to the cli is already provided so people can learn about it more if they want.

Reviewer: Agree, adding it was unwarranted and has distracted from the quick completion.

```bash
pop up network -f ./networks/devnet.toml
```

### Build a contract

Run the below command to build the contract:

```bash
pop build -r
```

This builds the contract in release mode.

### Upload and instantiate a contract

> If you are following the exact guide for launching the chain, so your local Pop Network is running on port `9944`, you can upload and instantiate the contract using the following command:

Reviewer 2: Lets make that assumption, people that use a different port would be able to find out how to then deploy it accordingly

Reviewer: This information will be the same for all examples and should therefore be in the root readme for examples rather than on each example.

Reviewer: Moved to general readme under examples/readme.md, updating this specific section slightly based on your feedback.
